friends: new always transform numbers option (#1464)
irontec/ivozprovider: doc/sphinx/administration_portal/client/vpbx/routing_endpoints/friends/internal_friends.rst

    Fallback Outgoing DDI
        If called extension causes an external call, this DDI will be used as source number.

>     Always apply transformations
>         Numbers listed in Extensions section of both source and destination client will be considered as internal and
>         won't traverse numeric transformation rules. Set to 'Yes' to disable this logic and make these numbers traverse
>         numeric transformations too.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Always apply transformations
        Numbers listed in Extensions section of both source and destination client will be considered as internal and
        won't traverse numeric transformation rules. Enable this setting to force Numeric Transformation rules even on these numbers. 

```
